Roll as a business
The iron bear is dead
Wildflowers are such a homeless dog
What kind of power is this?
Qi unloading armor is no match for Iron Bear
He actually
In one sentence, he took over the fifth powerhouse of Great Xia
Ye Huan, when did you become so powerful?
Am I not dreaming?
The difference between you and me is that
I killed you in the blink of an eye
Wealth is all glory
Worthless in the face of life and death
Do you know who I am?
Do you dare to touch me?
You want to die?
Ye Hun, please stop
The Ye family in the imperial capital is one of the ten ancient tribes
The Gods of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors already exist
It is the top ten surnames in ancient times
It's a huge legacy.
We are unshakable
I'll popularize it for you again.
What are the top ten jobs that are endless?
Unattainable
precious
Even the status is above the royal family of the building
You dare to touch a hair of Ye Shao
There will be no place for you in the whole of Nanjing
What are you still doing?
Why don't you let Ye Shao go quickly?
What if something happened to the man?
It's hard to bury everyone with you
Is this your mortal vision?
Obviously, I like to kill him like a murderer
But you are still willing to minister
Submit to one of his